‎What do you love most
about Jehovah’s people?
‎One of the things close to my heart
‎is the unity we all enjoy.
‎We come from a variety
of national, cultural,
‎and ethnic backgrounds.
‎We also have two hopes.
‎Some of God’s people have
the hope of life in heaven,
‎while most of us have
a hope of living on earth
‎as subjects of God’s Kingdom.
‎Yet, despite these differences,
‎we’re one spiritual nation.
‎That’s the theme of chapter 12,
‎“I Will Make Them One Nation.”
‎This title is taken from Ezekiel 37:22:
‎“I will make them
one nation in the land,
‎“on the mountains of Israel,
‎“and one king will rule over all of them,
‎“and they will no longer be two nations;
‎nor will they be divided
any longer into two kingdoms.”
‎In this chapter of the Pure Worship book,
‎you’ll learn the answers to these questions:
‎What important truth about pure worship
‎does the prophecy
about the two sticks highlight?
‎Why do we conclude
‎that this unification prophecy
‎saw its greater fulfillment
‎after 1914?
‎And what can you personally do
‎to contribute
to the precious unity we now enjoy?
‎Satan would love to disrupt our unity.
‎Let’s not let that happen.
‎May each of us apply
the points we learn in this chapter.
‎If we do our part
to promote unity in the congregation,
‎we will preserve a haven
‎where pure worship will flourish.